StaticArraysCore transition (#1045)
JuliaArrays/StaticArrays.jl: README.md

out of any uniform Julia "struct".
Full documentation can be found [here](https://JuliaArrays.github.io/StaticArrays.jl/stable/).

> Some of the array types are defined in the interface package [StaticArraysCore.jl](https://github.com/JuliaArrays/StaticArraysCore.jl).
> That package can be used to implement methods specialized for static arrays
> without depending on StaticArrays.jl, which has a non-negligible load time
> (around 0.6s for StaticArrays 1.4 on Julia 1.7).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the primary array types exported by StaticArrays.jl are defined in the small interface
package [StaticArraysCore.jl](https://github.com/JuliaArrays/StaticArraysCore.jl). This includes
e.g., the definitions of the abstract type `StaticArray` and the concrete types `SArray`, `MArray`,
and `SizedArray` (as well as their dimension-specific aliases).
This enables downstream packages to implement new methods for these types without depending
on (and hence loading) the entirety of StaticArrays.jl, and thereby to avoid incurring the full
load-time of StaticArrays.jl (which is on the order of 0.6 s for StaticArrays.jl v1.4 on Julia
v1.7).
```
